Narrative and credits scene (#147)
kyranet/Drakhtar: dialog/dialog4transition.txt

5
Narrator Portraits-Narrator With Drakhtar's army retreating, Thassa realized something: The fog only affected her soldiers and not the undead. .

> Thassa Portraits-Thassa Shite... We can't stay in this mist any longer! We have to leave as soon as possible! Fall back! .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thassa Portraits-Thassa Oh no... We can't stay in this mist any longer! We have to leave as soon as possible! Fall back! .
```
